{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <?php\
Echo \'93<div> 
\f1  Remember from the first lesson that we learned about CPU, do you remember what it stands for? If you thought of Central Processing Unit then you\'92re absolutely correct. The CPU is the area of the motherboard that receives messages and process them into specific products. The CPU connects with different input and output devices and main memory with a set of wires on the motherboard known as system bus. The CPU has several different components, let\'92s have a look at them:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The control unit is responsible for collecting, decoding and implementing instructions   \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Arithmetic/Logic Unit (ALU) carries out mathematical functions and logical operations required for the computer to operate.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Registers are locations of specialized memory used during executions \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <br>\
The CPU has been hardwired for a certain few basic operation that it can perform, some of these operations include: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Read a memory located in a register\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Sense signals from input/output devices\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Write a register value to a memory location \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}And many more\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 <br>\
Let\'92s have a look at memory very quickly and then we will be finished with this lesson. Memory is responsible for storing programs and data. Memory is divided into different locations, each of which has an address (starts at 0 and is a decimal). \
<br>\
That\'92s it for this lesson. As always, here is a small quiz for you to check your understanding. Good luck!\
<br>\
<br>\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 References\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-480\ri0\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \ulnone Computer\'97Hardware\'97Tutorialspoint
\f1\i0 . (n.d.). Retrieved February 22, 2021, from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tutorialspoint.com/computer_fundamentals/computer_hardware.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.tutorialspoint.com/computer_fundamentals/computer_hardware.htm}}\
Chidlow, K. (n.d.). 
\f2\i Computer Organization
\f1\i0 .\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 </div>\'94\
?>
\f1 \
}